python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0001-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode00  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0002-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode00  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0003-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode00  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0004-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode00  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0005-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0006-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0007-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0008-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0009-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode02  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0010-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode02  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0011-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode02  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0012-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode02  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0013-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0014-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0015-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0016-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0017-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode04  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0018-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode04  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0019-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode04  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0020-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode04  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0021-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0022-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0023-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0024-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0025-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode05  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0026-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode05  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0027-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode05  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0028-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode05  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0029-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0030-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0031-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0032-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0033-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode07  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0034-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode07  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0035-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode07  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0036-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode07  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0037-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0038-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0039-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0040-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0041-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode08  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0042-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode08  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0043-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode08  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0044-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode08  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0045-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0046-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0047-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0048-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0049-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode09  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0050-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode09  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0051-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode09  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0052-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode09  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0053-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0054-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0055-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
python -m impl.evolve ARC ARC0056-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09  -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o

python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0001-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode00', 'ARC0002-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode00', 'ARC0003-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode00', 'ARC0004-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode00', 'ARC0005-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00', 'ARC0006-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00', 'ARC0007-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00', 'ARC0008-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00', 'ARC0009-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode02', 'ARC0010-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode02', 'ARC0011-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode02', 'ARC0012-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode02', 'ARC0013-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02', 'ARC0014-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02', 'ARC0015-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02', 'ARC0016-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02', 'ARC0017-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode04', 'ARC0018-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode04', 'ARC0019-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode04', 'ARC0020-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode04', 'ARC0021-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04', 'ARC0022-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04', 'ARC0023-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04', 'ARC0024-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04', 'ARC0025-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode05', 'ARC0026-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode05', 'ARC0027-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode05', 'ARC0028-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode05', 'ARC0029-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05', 'ARC0030-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05', 'ARC0031-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05', 'ARC0032-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05', 'ARC0033-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode07', 'ARC0034-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode07', 'ARC0035-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode07', 'ARC0036-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode07', 'ARC0037-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07', 'ARC0038-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07', 'ARC0039-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07', 'ARC0040-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07', 'ARC0041-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode08', 'ARC0042-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode08', 'ARC0043-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode08', 'ARC0044-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode08', 'ARC0045-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08', 'ARC0046-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08', 'ARC0047-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08', 'ARC0048-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08', 'ARC0049-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode09', 'ARC0050-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode09', 'ARC0051-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode09', 'ARC0052-FitnessError-MovingSumError-Mode09', 'ARC0053-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09', 'ARC0054-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09', 'ARC0055-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09', 'ARC0056-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero -p dims_only -o
