python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0061-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0062-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0063-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0064-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0065-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0066-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0067-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 

python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0061-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00', 'ARC0062-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02', 'ARC0063-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04', 'ARC0064-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05', 'ARC0065-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07', 'ARC0066-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08', 'ARC0067-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 

python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0061-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0062-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0063-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0064-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0065-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0066-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0067-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5

python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0061-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00', 'ARC0062-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02', 'ARC0063-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04', 'ARC0064-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05', 'ARC0065-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07', 'ARC0066-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08', 'ARC0067-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5

python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0081-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0082-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0083-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0084-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0085-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0086-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0087-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 

python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0081-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00', 'ARC0082-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02', 'ARC0083-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04', 'ARC0084-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05', 'ARC0085-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07', 'ARC0086-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08', 'ARC0087-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple 

python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0081-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0082-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0083-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0084-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0085-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0086-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5
python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0087-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5

python -m impl.evolve_multi ARC "['ARC0081-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode00', 'ARC0082-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode02', 'ARC0083-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode04', 'ARC0084-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode05', 'ARC0085-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode07', 'ARC0086-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode08', 'ARC0087-FitnessError-MovingAverageError-Mode09']" -b -pl scEdges,scZero,scFitness -p simple -i 5 -o

